ID-1232	i recently visited The W hotel in New Orleans(downtown)for the first time and it was best hotel ive ever been too. First of all, the hotel is beautiful!! The valet is prompt and courteous. I was even given a bottle of Voss water upon entrance...for free!! The check-in girl was polite and gave me a free room upgrade. My room was immaculate and beautifully decorated. later that night i ordered room service and the food was hot and fresh. i requested a wake up call the next morning and i did receive it on the dot.  Checkout was a breeze and so was retrieval of my vehicle. overall, i give this hotel two thumbs up!	1
ID-1025	I have stayed at The Inn At The Convention Center for a total of one week on separate occasions. First, if you can get past the curt responses of the near inhuman clerks in the front office, you will make your way into one of the worst hotel experiences of your life. Taking a trip in the elevator feels as if it will be your last. It is squeaky, smells strongly of cleaning detergents, and runs slowly. Once you arrive on your floor, the smell of cleaning agents is even stronger than the smell of the elevator. It buries itself into one's pores and haunts your entire stay. As for the location, it's true that the Inn At The Convention Center is near major freeways and minutes from downtown, but the area it's located in is terrible, offering nothing in the way of good food or culture. It is a haven for young party animals, noise included. Additionally, the wi-fi is terrible, if and when it works at all.You would be better off saving your money for a different hotel in a different location. You won't be sorry you did.	0
ID-0799	I recently stayed at the Astor Crown Plaza in New Orleans for a work seminar. My seminar was being held in another hotel in the French Quarter, so I felt that it would be best for me to stay in the French Quarter as well. I got a somewhat reasonable price for the Astor and thought that it was in a good location when looking at a map of the area. I arrived with a coworker very late at night due to plane layovers and was extremely uncomfortable when getting out of my taxi. There were probably 7-10 random people standing outside the doors cursing and yelling. I had to walk through these people to get to the door and there was no doorman to make me feel more at ease with the random cursing people.I went to check in and it went quick enough, however the woman helping me spoke only when spoken to and seemed very annoyed that we were checking in - like we had interrupted something. Just handed us our room keys and looked back at her computer. The room was fine - no complaints about the cleanliness. However, it is IMPOSSIBLE to sleep! With all of the commotion on Bourbon street below, you must bring ear plugs if you even want to think about sleeping! I was in need of some water and went down the hall to the vending area and tried to but a bottle and was unable to because it was sold out. I went back to my room assuming that it would be refilled at some point that night or the next morning. The next night, I tried again - no water. I then went to several other vending areas on other floors and no water there either. I went back to my room and called room service and did receive two bottles of water. I drank half of one and went to bed. The next day, I left the room for my work function and came back to see that housekeeping had taken my water! All in all, the location of this hotel is fine, but customer service, and water, seem to be lacking quite a bit! I will be returning to the French Quarter but not to this hotel.	0
ID-0879	This hotel smelled like smoke everywhere, not just on the smoking floors. There was also a mix-up about our reservations before we arrived, they got it worked out but it involved some inconvenience for us. The breakfast selections were paltry, just a few sad pastries and some fruit, not the full, hot breakfast we were led to believe we would have. Overall, this hotel was not the worst but it was just disappointing in many ways. Next time I find myself in Grand Junction, Colorado I will choose to stay somewhere else!	0
ID-1136	I was very impressed with the hotel. The exterior of the hotel was one thing, which is simply marvelous, but it was probably the roomiest hotel in the Concord, NH area. It is close to my brother's school, had excellent service and pretty nifty free toiletry, nice bathrooms, free internet connection and more. The attendants were very attentive, and I would love to stay there again if not for the price.	1
ID-0977	This is one of the worst places to stay. The hotel is next to railroad tracks, and the trains were running and blowing the horn day and night. When the train wasn't loud, the traffic on the busy street nearby was. The rooms were dirty and had some empty soda bottles in it. Our room was still not ready two hours after we were told it would be ready. We were so desperate to get in our room to change our clothes for a family reunion that we helped the maid make the bed. Do not stay here.	0
ID-0899	I didn't enjoy my experience in this hotel because their were insects in my hotel room and it seemed very dirty.	0
ID-0929	When I visited this hotel, I thought everything was going to be great. It's appearance was not too shabby, but as soon as I got to the room, my opinion began to change. The room was nowhere near the quality that the rest of the hotel was; it only came with the basics, and nothing more. I would have expected more from a nicer hotel. The other surprising thing about this hotel was the staff. I did not feel secure at all. When I first came to my room to find my wife, she was not there (and I did not have a key). I simply came to the door, knocked, and waited one second. The maid down the hall came over and let me in the room. I could have been some stranger that was knocking on someone's room! I will not go back to that hotel because of this safety issue. Thank you.	0
ID-1228	I had a wonderful, relaxed stay at the Huntley Hotel. I wasn't staying in the priciest room, but all the staff treated me like I had reserved the penthouse. The desk clerk even helped me locate my wallet after I left it in the hotel restaurant. In addition to beautiful rooms and a kind staff, the Huntley boasts a location barely two blocks from the Santa Monica beach. When I wasn't enjoying the amenities of the hotel, I was lounging in the sun.	1
ID-1082	This hotel is conveniently located just blocks from the world-famous Waikiki beach. The room price was very reasonable, and the hotel had a lot of great amenities, such as a pool, hot tub, bar, restaurant, and gift shop. The room was quite comfortable with a great view of the city, although I know that for a little more money nightly, the hotel also provides rooms that have an ocean view. The room was secure. It had a nice bathroom with a hair dryer. It also had a closet with hangers, and an ironing board and iron. There was a fairly large safe in the room where I could store important belongings while I was out, just for added security. There was a television, a refrigerator, and a coffee pot. There was also internet for a small daily fee. The hotel is not only located close to the beach, but also to a lot of shops and restaurants. It is right on the bus line, so it is very easy to just walk outside the hotel and catch a bus to virtually anywhere on the island, including the Manoa neighborhood, the zoo, or even to Hanauma Bay, which is about an hour's drive away from the Waikiki area. Furthermore, I really liked the hotel lobby--it is a nice open air lobby with tables to sit at and have breakfast. There is a lovely fountain and koi pond. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is on a budget, but would like to experience Hawaii nonetheless.	1
ID-0817	The hotel has very thin walls and ceiling so you can hear EVERYTHING. You can even hear full conversations word-for-word. Even when we complained to have someone tell the person above us to be quiet, the manager didn't do anything at all. There was a county fair going on with bus fulls of high school kids having a party right outside our door and were shooting off fireworks. However, no one told them to be quiet. All the manager told us was that we could leave (without a refund).	0
ID-1230	This hotel was absolutely beautiful as soon as I walked into the lobby. There are a lot of places to relax downstairs with lots of comfy chairs. The room had a great view of the town and it was a great place to relax. The bed was very soft and I had no trouble sleeping. There is a pool downstairs if you want to enjoy the weather, and the attached bar and restaurant are convenient.	1
ID-0975	I mistakenly thought that since my multiple stays at other Marriott locations were excellent and clean that this location would be as well. Man was I wrong. This place is terrible. The room was very dirty and there were dead bugs everywhere. The room smelled horrible. I couldn't get the room windows open enough to help remove the smell. It took a while to find this place with all the construction in the area and the awkward road design in the area. I will never stay here again!	0
ID-1118	I live in Houston and I usually stay at the Galvez Hotel on Galveston Island at least one or two times a year, as I live in Houston, which is about an hour away in good traffic. I like to go down there as a quick weekend getaway, to relax and unwind. They have a bed and breakfast deal that suits my needs perfectly. I’ve always liked their historical ambience, and they’ve updated the décor in recent times which makes it an even more attractive place. The staff is always pleasant and the rooms are always clean, peaceful and quiet, which are all major attractions for me. The hotel is supposed to be haunted, and I would love to see a ghost, but to date, I have never had so much as one paranormal experience. Despite my lack of ghostly encounters, I still love staying at the hotel because of its historic ambience, tranquility and beachfront location. One of my more pleasant memories of the Galvez is standing on the beach there at dawn, with coffee in hand and watching the sun come up over the ocean. The hotel is close to several of Galveston’s attractions that I like to visit. I come down to eat at nearby Pier 21 and have one of their shrimp poor boys, go shopping on the Strand and visit Moody gardens, which has a great saltwater aquarium and a wonderful rainforest pyramid, loaded with tropical birds and butterflies. If you want a loud, crazy place, then fly to Las Vegas, but if you need to relax and unwind, stay at the Hotel Galvez on Galveston Island.	1
ID-1162	This is a fantastic botique hotel in Portland, Oregon. All the rooms are suites and include a kitchenette. This hotel is great for small families because it allows you ample space and you have the kitchen included where you can prepare some meals in order to save on some food costs while on vacation. The best part is that there are piles of Starbursts candies throughout the hotel available for the taking!	1
ID-0847	I love San Francisco and any chance I get I love to take a trip there. The last time I chose to stay at The Argonaut as I had always heard good things about the hotel. Sadly, the good reviews were either grossly exaggerated or there has been some major changes to the way the hotel runs things lately. The hotel staff were rude, snobbish and always seemed to be busy with some other thing whenever I needed help. Given the price of the hotel, I expected five star service, but was treated like I was some duty and obligation they quickly wanted to get rid of. Overall, my experience at the hotel was so sub-par that I'll probably never return to the hotel, no matter how great a location on Fisherman's Wharf it is.	0
ID-1116	This the best hotel for the money that I paid to stay there for a week last summer. Very decent breakfast and friendly staff. Internet was free and fast. I would certainly recommend this hotel to my friends and looking forward to my next stay there this summer.	1
ID-1094	The Place Inn in Oxnard, CA is a perfect place to stay if you are traveling up the coast of California. The rates range form $25 to $40 a night. Each room has a microwave and a fridge so you can keep all the snacks you want right in your room. The twon of Oxnard is quiet and scenic so you can relax all of your vacation. Some of the rooms also have a large spa that you can relax in. The staff is helpful and room service is always on time.	1
ID-1188	The first time visiting a city you've never been in is scary. Luckily, my friend booked me a place at embassy suites, and it wasn't so sad anymore. It has a great view from the 7th floor and the lights at night are fantastic. It's in walking distance from the North Point mall in Alpharetta, GA and I just about went there everyday. I practically spent all my money going to the mall and eating out everyday, but it was a fabulous time. The hotel itself has a beautiful interior and the one I stayed at had a free breakfast, an indoor pool and a bar. What more can you ask for? The staff at the hotel were very polite and accommodating and it was just a pleasant experience staying here. I would definitely choose this hotel again when I'm nearby and need a place to stay.	1
